Info about e2e tests:
- We run the re-usable workflow and we verify using the slsa-verify at HEAD and for all previous releases. This ensures that any upcoming re-usable workflow (builder) release is compatible (i.e., can be verified) using any prior version of the slsa-verify. See [e2e-verify.sh](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/blob/main/.github/workflows/scripts/e2e-verify.sh)

- Each file is named `e2e.<ecosystem>.<trigger>.<branch>.<config-parameters>.slsa<level>.yml`. There is one exception to this: the `tag` trigger: there's not
tag trigger per se, but we use it to differentiate it from a push. 

- Each workflow runs on a `schedule` event. For push, we create a commit (see [e2e-push.sh](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/blob/main/.github/workflows/scripts/e2e-push.sh)); for tags we create a version (see [e2e-create-release.sh](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/blob/main/.github/workflows/scripts/e2e-create-release.sh)), for dispatch we create a workflow_dispatch (see [e2e-dispatch.sh](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/blob/main/.github/workflows/scripts/e2e-dispatch.sh)) etc

- Each push has a commit message containing the name of the workflow it's intended for (`$THIS_FILE` in workflow definitions), to ensure other workflows triggered by
a commit don't run - this is especially useful when we update the repo's code manually for fixes. To ensure each new commit updates the code, we use the date/time the workflow is run and update a file within the [e2e/](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/tree/main/e2e) folder: the file is the name of the workflow appended with the `.txt`, e.g., [e2e/e2e.go.push.main.config-noldflags.slsa3.yml.txt](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/blob/main/e2e/e2e.go.push.main.config-noldflags.slsa3.yml.txt), and it contains the date/time the commit is created.

- Each version created has the workflow name (`$THIS_FILE`) as part of the release notes. This allows workflow to exit early if the release it not intended for them, e.g. different branch, etc. The version created is the same as the latest version +1 for the PATCH. To ensure workflows don't race on release version, they each use a different MAJOR. (v10 - v15 as of today). If there is no existing version for the `$THIS_FILE`, release cration will fail. This mean that when creating a new e2e workflow  for a tag trigger, you need to manually create the first release and the notes must contain the `$THIS_FILE`. Be sure to use the same branch the e2e workflow tests is intended for.

- When a workflow does not complete with the expected outcome (fail instead of success; or success instead of failure), we create an issue on the slsa-framework-slsa-github-generator-go repo. Upon new failures, we append a comment to an existing opened issue (see [e2e-report-failure.sh](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/blob/main/.github/workflows/scripts/e2e-report-failure.sh)). When the tests are fixed and succeed again, we close the open issues automatically (see [e2e-report-success.sh](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/blob/main/.github/workflows/scripts/e2e-report-success.sh)). We identify existing opened issues via their body which contains the workflow file `$THIS_FILE`. When creating an issue, we label them (see [e2e-report-failure.sh](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/blob/main/.github/workflows/scripts/e2e-report-failure.sh)): it's important the labels exist on the repository the issues are reported; or it will fail.

- We have adversarial tests (`<config-parameters>` = `adversarial-XXX`) that should fail. They use a rough time-estimate to start tampering with the artifacts used by the builder. This can be a bit flaky at times.

- When you update the main branch, try to regularily update the branch1 manually. You can use `bash sync-branch1.sh` for that.

- We have scripts to run the e2e tests via CLI: [manual-run-all-e2e.sh](./manual-run-all-e2e.sh) to run them all, [manual-run-e2e.sh](./manual-run-e2e.sh) to run a single one of them.